.TH TXTNOTIFY 1
.SH NAME
txtnotify \- send SMS message via Twilio API

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B txtnotify
[\fB\-t\fR \fITO\fR]
[\fB\-d\fR \fICALLERID\fR]
[\fB\-q\fR]
[\fB\-p\fR]
[\fImessage\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B txtnotify
sends SMS text messages to a single recipient.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-t " " \fITO\fR
Phone number of recipient of SMS (XXX-XXX-XXXX).
A default recipient can be specified by setting TO in the \fI.twiliorc\fR.
.TP
.BR \-d " " \fICALLERID\fR
Number from which to send SMS. This must be a valid Twilio number.
A default sender can be specified by setting CALLERID in the \fI.twiliorc\fR.
.TP
.BR \-q
Suppress error messages
.TP
.BR \-p
Passthrough \fISTDIN\fR. This is useful for using txtnotify as an intermediate stage of a \fIpipe\fR.

.SH CONFIGURATION
To use txtnotify, you will first need to add your own Twilio credentials.
In twiliorc, you must add \fIACCOUNTSID\fR and \fICALLERID\fR.
You must also create your encrypted AUTHTOKEN.
The token can be generated as follows (with gpg-agent running. See gpg(1) and gpg-agent(1)):
.nf
.RS
echo "$AUTHTOKEN" | gpg -s --symmetric --cipher-algo AES256 --force-mdc > twilio.key
.RE
.fi

.SH EXAMPLES
.nf
.RS
long-process | txtnotify -t "555-555-5555" "Finished\\!"
.RE
.fi
.nf
.RS
long-process-with-output | txtnotify -q -p "Finished\\!" | less
.RE
.fi

The above examples result in an SMS message with the content:
.RS
Notification from \fIhostname\fR: Finished!
.RE

.SH FUN STUFF
I use Automate for Android (Free!) to read notifications from Twilio aloud.
